Add missing docs for iceberg/delta properties (#12900)
trinodb/trino: docs/src/main/sphinx/connector/delta-lake.rst

        to be specified in :ref:`prop-type-data-size` values such as ``64MB``.
        Default is calculated to 10% of the maximum memory allocated to the JVM.
      -
    * - ``delta.compression-codec``

>       - The compression codec to be used when writing new data files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - The compression codec to use when writing new data files.
```

        Possible values are

        * ``NONE``
        * ``SNAPPY``
        * ``LZ4``
        * ``ZSTD``
        * ``GZIP``

>       - ``SNAPPY``

Author: if you take a look at iceberg file it is done exactly the same way I did it here.

>       - ``SNAPPY``

Reviewer 2: Please disregard my comment.  I thought that the `-` character  is wrongly placed, but in fact it corresponds to the default value column of the table.

      - Name of the catalog to which ``SELECT`` queries are redirected when a
        Hive table is detected.
      -
    * - ``delta.checkpoint-row-statistics-writing.enabled``

>       - Enables writing row statistics to checkpoint files.

Author: I don't know, from how they are used it is not clear to me. 
I only know they ARE NOT used for query planning ;) (https://github.com/trinodb/trino/blob/bff3e64ddd392b85ed0bf27e878c42dba1395de0/plugin/trino-delta-lake/src/main/java/io/trino/plugin/deltalake/transactionlog/checkpoint/CheckpointEntryIterator.java#L492)

If you know please propose something.

>       - Enables writing row statistics to checkpoint files.

Reviewer 2: Original commit comment:

> Row statistics may create a large memory footprint. Add a config option to disable them in case this occurs.

@alexjo2144 could you please give some extra context here.

>       - Enables writing row statistics to checkpoint files.

Reviewer 3: We should eventually remove this property and respect the table property for it: `delta.checkpoint.writeStatsAsStruct` 

@homar can you create an issue if there isn't one already?

>       - Enables writing row statistics to checkpoint files.

Author: @alexjo2144 I added a comment to https://github.com/trinodb/trino/issues/12636 and I think now it covers what we need here. So I think this can be left in this form temporarily

    * - ``delta.target-max-file-size``
      - Target maximum size of written files; the actual size may be larger.
      - ``1GB``

>     * - ``delta.experimental.ignore-checkpoint-write-failures``

Reviewer 4: @alexjo2144 @losipiuk i think we should remove the property.
But i also think we should ignore checkpoint writing failures: the table change has been committed (new tx file  created), so it's not quite fine to fail the query.

Reviewer: I think yes..

Author: done

Reviewer 5: Side note: I think such "behind the scenes" errors should be tracked via metrics. Then operation-wise one could plug in some monitoring service to those, and notice that something is going bad with the cluster, even though queries are not failing. 
Or maybe logging as WARN and allowing for logs monitoring is enough. WDYT?

Reviewer 4: Good point. We don't have metrics infrastructure, do we, but monitoring over logging is indeed good idea.

* Table name
* Retention period

> The ``delta.vacuum.min-retention`` config property provides a safety

Author: It is addition of documentation for detal.vacuum.min-retention which was missing previously :P
